[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm going to teach you
this practice straight through
for time purposes.
Then in the future, you
can practice this exercise
more slowly than we will here.
We'll begin with our energy
field awareness practice,
which we introduced
in episode one,
as the way to get a baseline
reading on our energy field
before beginning any
energetic practice,
so that you can then see
more clearly the effects
of the practice afterwards.
Simply close your eyes.
And tune into the feeling of
energy in and around your body.
What does the energy feel like?
Then, keeping the
eyes closed, observe
what is currently in your
thoughts and your emotions.
So now you've been
able to observe
what you feel energetically and
what's in your consciousness,
in your thoughts, and
in your emotional life.
Now we will begin
the practice itself.
Take three slow, deep
breaths, relaxing
any tension in your head,
neck, and shoulders.
Keep the muscles of the head
relaxed during the practice.
Do not allow the
energy generated
to create muscular tension.
Focus your awareness
between the eyebrows.
And become aware of any
sensations that you feel there.
Then follow that
sensation that you
feel between the
eyebrows straight back
along the third eye
cylinder, until you
feel the location of the
center of the cubicle cross
in the Cave of Brahma.
This location in the
center of your head
will feel like an area
of increased vibration
and light compared to
the areas around it.
It also feels like an open space
in your head, a very stable
place where your
attention can rest.
Become aware that
from this power
center of the Cave
of Brahma, you
can feel the three axes of the
cubicle cross streaming out.
So become aware.
And feel the front back
circuit, from the third eye
between the eyebrows,
back to the occipit
at the back of the head.
Then become aware of and
feel the top down circuit,
from the crown, down
the golden thread,
through the vertical center line
of the body, to the perineum,
at the base of the abdomen.
And then become aware and
feel the side-to-side circuit,
from the top of one ear through
the two brain hemispheres,
to the top of the opposite ear.
Then stabilize your
awareness, where
all three lines of energy,
all three circuits,
meet, in the center
of the cubicle cross,
at the Cave of Brahma.
Tune into how the energy
feels at this location
of the Cave of Brahma.
It may feel like a
vibration or a pressure.
Don't think about
this area abstractly.
You must put your mind
deep inside this location
and feel its energy.
Now with your attention
in the Cave of Brahma,
pull all of your energy and
awareness, which normally flows
outwards, to
instead move inwards
into the absolute center of what
you feel in the Cave of Brahma,
in the center of your head.
Feel this inward movement like
a sphere of energy and attention
that is collapsing into its
own center from all directions
simultaneously.
This movement is like a balloon
collapsing into its own center
as it deflates.
This inward pull from
all directions at once
into the center is created by
a particular energetic muscle,
which you may not have
been aware of before,
which needs to be
exercised to become strong.
Once you have activated the
inward movement of the energy
at the Cave of Brahma, let
go and allow the energy
to continue to implode
into the center
with its own energetic momentum.
Relax.
And allow your attention to be
pulled into the very center,
as if being carried effortlessly
by a vortex of energy.
When your inward movement
reaches the absolute center,
you may feel a profound
stability, a dynamic quiet
and peace, as you dwell deep
inside this divine center
at the Cave of Brahma.
Then experience that
this awakened energy now
floods outwards
in all directions
simultaneously, expanding
out from the divine plane
central point, to create a
dynamically-expanding sphere
of ecstatic light and
energy pouring out
from this epicenter.
Allow this energy
sphere to expand
until it becomes a
radiant golden sun
around your entire head,
effortlessly radiating light
and energy in all directions.
Allow the awakened energy
from the divine center
and the golden sun to
clear out any stuck energy,
any old, toxic thought forms
from your physical brain
and your entire head.
All blockages and
darkness simply
melt away, like dew
evaporating in sunlight.
Allow your thoughts
and awareness
to now shift in quality, to
resonate with the golden sun
sphere.
Experience the
clearing and expansion
of your consciousness.
You may even experience contact
with packed thought forms
from spiritual beings
and higher realities.
You can stay in this
expanded radiant state
with the golden sun
around your entire head,
anchored in the Cave of Brahma
in the center for as long
as you like.
When you are ready to end
this activation practice,
simply let go of the
awareness of the golden sun
around your head.
And shift your
attention once again
to the energy field
awareness practice.
Tune into the feeling of
energy in and around your head
and body.
Become aware of any changes
to your consciousness,
the change to
thoughts in your mind,
and to your emotional state.
Ask yourself how your energy
and awareness have transformed
from doing this practice.
Doing this simple energy
field awareness practice
at the end of any
spiritual exercise
allows you to directly know
what effect any practice is
having on your energy
and your consciousness.
This is much better
than simply accepting
what another person tells
you about the effects
a practice will have.
You must know for yourself.
This is a very
significant practice.
It is so fundamental
that even if a person
did only this method and applied
it to activate multiple energy
centers in their body, it could
transform their consciousness
and their spiritual destiny.
You can apply the point in
the circle sacred geometry
pattern, which becomes the zero
point centering and radiance
technique to explore
power centers
of your own inner landscape.
You could apply this
practice to activating
your heart, your solar
plexus, organs, glands,
acupuncture points, any energy
centers in your body or energy
field.
Every energy center within you
holds its own unique nectar,
its own specific spiritual
powers and energies.
You will find that there is
a vast world living inside
of you.
You will experience
that your body is indeed
a sacred temple, a microcosm
which holds within it the keys
to connect to every aspect
of the macrocosm and higher
spiritual realities.
This is only a
short introduction
to what is just a first step
to higher level activations.
After opening the consciousness
centers in the physical head,
it is possible to go
up the central column,
and open up the first
chakra above the head,
using the same zero
point centering
and radiance technique.
Then later, you can
activate even higher centers
above the head.
Be aware that any
activations above the head
must be balanced
with activations
of the centers below the body as
well, in more advanced methods.
This is an application of the
as above, so below principle,
that for every movement
upwards, you must equally
connect downwards
to the same extent,
in order to stay
grounded and balanced.
For more information and
step-by-step training
in these higher activations,
I created an online course
entitled, Connecting
to Spiritual Realities
at my website, www.vesica.org.
Once you effectively activate
these higher centers,
you can begin to directly
experience packed thought forms
from higher worlds.
Over time, you will also be
able to generate and transmit
these packed thought
forms as well.
Then the four secrets
of sacred geometry,
which you learned
in this episode,
will become direct
experience, and can profoundly
transform your life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]